bower_components/moment/README.md, before:

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/moment/moment](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/moment/moment?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![NPM version][npm-version-image]][npm-url] [![NPM downloads][npm-downloads-image]][npm-url] [![MIT License][license-image]][license-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/moment/moment/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/r/moment/moment?branch=develop)

A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and formatting dates.

**[Documentation](http://momentjs.com/docs/)**

## Port to ECMAScript 6 (version 2.10.0)

Moment 2.10.0 does not bring any new features, but the code is now written in
ECMAScript 6 modules and placed inside `src/`. Previously `moment.js`, `locale/*.js` and
`test/moment/*.js`, `test/locale/*.js` contained the source of the project. Now
the source is in `src/`, temporary build (ECMAScript 5) files are placed under
`build/umd/` (for running tests during development), and the `moment.js` and
`locale/*.js` files are updated only on release.

If you want to use a particular revision of the code, make sure to run
`grunt transpile update-index`, so `moment.js` and `locales/*.js` are synced
with `src/*`. We might place that in a commit hook in the future.

## Upgrading to 2.0.0

There are a number of small backwards incompatible changes with version 2.0.0. [See the full descriptions here](https://gist.github.com/timrwood/e72f2eef320ed9e37c51#backwards-incompatible-changes)

 * Changed language ordinal method to return the number + ordinal instead of just the ordinal.

 * Changed two digit year parsing cutoff to match strptime.

 * Removed `moment#sod` and `moment#eod` in favor of `moment#startOf` and `moment#endOf`.

 * Removed `moment.humanizeDuration()` in favor of `moment.duration().humanize()`.

 * Removed the lang data objects from the top level namespace.

 * Duplicate `Date` passed to `moment()` instead of referencing it.

## [Changelog](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md)

## [Contributing](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md)

We're looking for co-maintainers! If you want to become a master of time please
write to [ichernev](https://github.com/ichernev).

## License

Moment.js is freely distributable under the terms of the [MIT license](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/LICENSE).

[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat
[license-url]: LICENSE

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/moment
[npm-version-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/v/moment.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/moment.svg?style=flat

[travis-url]: http://travis-ci.org/moment/moment
[travis-image]: http://img.shields.io/travis/moment/moment/develop.svg?style=flat

Commit message:

time fix; added moment.js

bower_components/moment/README.md, after:

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/moment/moment](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/moment/moment?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[![NPM version][npm-version-image]][npm-url] [![NPM downloads][npm-downloads-image]][downloads-url] [![MIT License][license-image]][license-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/moment/moment/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/r/moment/moment?branch=develop)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmoment%2Fmoment.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmoment%2Fmoment?ref=badge_shield)

A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and formatting dates.

**[Documentation](http://momentjs.com/docs/)**

## Port to ECMAScript 6 (version 2.10.0)

Moment 2.10.0 does not bring any new features, but the code is now written in
ECMAScript 6 modules and placed inside `src/`. Previously `moment.js`, `locale/*.js` and
`test/moment/*.js`, `test/locale/*.js` contained the source of the project. Now
the source is in `src/`, temporary build (ECMAScript 5) files are placed under
`build/umd/` (for running tests during development), and the `moment.js` and
`locale/*.js` files are updated only on release.

If you want to use a particular revision of the code, make sure to run
`grunt transpile update-index`, so `moment.js` and `locales/*.js` are synced
with `src/*`. We might place that in a commit hook in the future.

## Upgrading to 2.0.0

There are a number of small backwards incompatible changes with version 2.0.0. [See the full descriptions here](https://gist.github.com/timrwood/e72f2eef320ed9e37c51#backwards-incompatible-changes)

 * Changed language ordinal method to return the number + ordinal instead of just the ordinal.

 * Changed two digit year parsing cutoff to match strptime.

 * Removed `moment#sod` and `moment#eod` in favor of `moment#startOf` and `moment#endOf`.

 * Removed `moment.humanizeDuration()` in favor of `moment.duration().humanize()`.

 * Removed the lang data objects from the top level namespace.

 * Duplicate `Date` passed to `moment()` instead of referencing it.

## [Changelog](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md)

## [Contributing](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) [![Open Source Helpers](https://www.codetriage.com/moment/moment/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/moment/moment)

We're looking for co-maintainers! If you want to become a master of time please
write to [ichernev](https://github.com/ichernev).

In addition to contributing code, you can help to triage issues. This can include reproducing bug reports, or asking for vital information such as version numbers or reproduction instructions. If you would like to start triaging issues, one easy way to get started is to [subscribe to moment/moment on CodeTriage](https://www.codetriage.com/moment/moment).

## License

Moment.js is freely distributable under the terms of the [MIT license](https://github.com/moment/moment/blob/develop/LICENSE).

[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmoment%2Fmoment.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmoment%2Fmoment?ref=badge_large)

[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat
[license-url]: LICENSE

[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/moment
[npm-version-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/v/moment.svg?style=flat
[npm-downloads-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/moment.svg?style=flat
[downloads-url]: https://npmcharts.com/compare/moment?minimal=true

[travis-url]: http://travis-ci.org/moment/moment
[travis-image]: http://img.shields.io/travis/moment/moment/develop.svg?style=flat
